#Connor Bottcher and Luke Masters (lsm5fm)

Hello! Welcome to our game, we hope you enjoy it!

We have two levels in this game: \
1. Getting to the Krusty Krab \
2. Getting to the customer's house. \

In the first level, the object of the game is to get to the Krusty Krab without being hurt by the enemies/obstacles in the way. So \
the controls in the first function are the arrow keys or the 'wasd' keys depending on the option you choose in the title screen, the\
space bar is jumping and holding the 'c' key allows you to draw a circle around yourself, making you invincible, but you cannot move\
(this function is only possible after getting the stick).  You  have three chunks of health for this level, so if you are hurt three\
times, Spongebob will cry and you will have to start over.  If you make it to the Krusty Krab, a speech bubble will appear over you \
and if you press the escape key, then you will be taken to the next level.

In the second level, the object of the game is to reach the customer's house with some of the pizza.  So the controls would be space\
bar to jump, and the down arrow key (or the 's' key if you toggled that option in the title screen) to fast fall.  In this game you \
want to jump over the rocks and onto the platforms because every time you hit an obstacle, you lose a slice of pizza (you have 8) \
and if you lose all your pizza then the game will stop and you will have to start it up again.

In terms of meeting the requirements of the game project, I hope that you would see that we have met these requirements specified. \
We have user input (the functions referred to above), graphics (pictures, background, the animations as well as the character in \
both games), and a game start (with the title screen) and an end (game quits if you lose all your health or if you get to the Krusty\
Krab or the customer's house).  We also have animation through\using ticks to toggle between different images, an enemy in both \
levels (the jelly fish and sea bears in the first and the rocks in the second)collectibles in the first level with the stick, the \
spatula and the secret formula, it has a scrolling level in the first level that moves with you as you move, a health meter in both \
levels, and music in the background and sound effects when you collect a collectible.  In all we need 4 out of the 8 optional \
features along with the required features, and with these two games we have met all the required features along with 6 out of the 8 \
optional features.

I hope you have as much fun testing (playing) it as we had making it!
